because there
but we have we have a lot of super girls
coming this year a couple first few
episodes so we have to do have a lot of
super villains to that spot and then the
other thing is dark side you'll see a
few of his harbingers this year too so
Lisa more old favorites and some new
favorites and you saw Hawkman is
returning
hello hi so my question is for jet which
beetle will we see Skeets and will this
function is a backdoor pilot to a
testament if we saw you'll see you honey
rise of the beetle you'll see Skeets and
you might even see Ted
my question is there's a lot of good of
like funny moments and outtakes on the
DVDs what's the most funniest moment
happened to you guys whether it's
directly or quite the phrase groans
you're doing a we're doing a speed in
the kitchen it for some reason